## Review, Research, and Discussion

**Describe the Web-Request-Response-Cycle**?
* The Web-Request-Response-Cycle: the way information flows through the system.
* First a user gives a client a URL, the client builds a request for information (or resources) to be generated by a server. When the server receives that request, it uses the information included in the request to build a response that contains the requested information. Once built, that response is sent back to the client in the requested format, to be rendered to the user.
  
**Explain what a “server” is, as it relates to the WRRC**?
A server is a computer on a network that manages network resources. When the server receives that request, it uses the information included in the request to build a response that contains the requested information.

**What does it mean to “deploy” an application?**
* Deploying an application is the process of copying, configuring and enabling a specific application to a specific base URL on Zend Server or on a cluster.
* It is make the application run and work in evry where in browser .

## Document the following Vocabulary Terms

* **Server :** is a computer that provides data to other computers. It may serve data to systems on a local area network (LAN) or a wide area network (WAN) over the Internet.
  
* **Pub/Sub :** Publish/Subscribe allows services to communicate asynchronously, with latencies on the order of 100 milliseconds. Pub/Sub is used for streaming analytics and data integration pipelines to ingest and distribute data. It is equally effective as messaging-oriented middleware for service integration or as a queue to parallelize tasks.


* **WRRC :** traces how a user’s request flows through the app , it includes the client sending a request to the backend server , the backend server would do some process then send a response back to the client.

# AWS EC2
Amazon EC2 offers the broadest and deepest compute platform with choice of processor, storage, networking, operating system, and purchase model. We offer the fastest processors in the cloud and we are the only cloud with 400 Gbps ethernet networking. We have the most powerful GPU instances for machine learning training and graphics workloads, as well as the lowest cost-per-inference instances in the cloud. More SAP, HPC, Machine Learning, and Windows workloads run on AWS than any other cloud. Click here to learn What's New with Amazon EC2.

# EC2 For Humans

> EC2 is a service, where clients can rent a like server (not physical machine) or in other words virtual machine, that is independent form other virtual machines that are on aws server.

> Throw amazon site you can create an instance , where you can choose the type of operating system, memory size, number of CPUs, storage capacity and more.

> This virtual machine can be used for storing data, web application, machine learning and more.

> There are different settings that fit each usage, related to access and privacy.

# Elastic Beanstalk

> AWS Elastic Beanstalk is an easy-to-use service for deploying and scaling web applications and services developed with Java, .NET, PHP, Node.js, Python, Ruby, Go, and Docker on familiar servers such as Apache, Nginx, Passenger, and IIS.

## Benefits

Elastic Beanstalk is the fastest and simplest way to deploy your application on AWS. You simply use the AWS Management Console, a Git repository, or an integrated development environment (IDE) such as Eclipse or Visual Studio to upload your application, and Elastic Beanstalk automatically handles the deployment details of capacity provisioning, load balancing, auto-scaling, and application health monitoring. Within minutes, your application will be ready to use without any infrastructure or resource configuration work on your part.

> It has manged containers(platforms) like :

* Java
* PHP
* Python
* .NET
* NODE.js
* RUBY
* DOCKER

> Containers on familiar servers like :

* Apache HTTP
* Apache Tomcat
* Nginx
* Phusion Passenger
* IIS (Internet Information Services)

> Elastic beanstalk supports AWS services such as :

* EC2
* S3
* simple notification service
* elastic load balancing.
* auto scaling.